welcome to echo for these days you'll
rarely find drinking water that is pure
that's why we need to use various
methods to purify our water in the home
the most modern method of purifying
water is reverse osmosis what is reverse
osmosis reverses Moses is a process of
water filtration where the water is
forced through a special membrane this
membrane lets the water through while
rejecting virtually all the dissolved
contaminants reverses Moses not only
purifiers your water from sediments
bacteria and viruses but also softens
your water at the same time this method
of purifying water is practically ideal
and is widely used in the modern world
because modern innovations have made it
possible for us to greatly reduce the
size and cost of our membranes this has
made reverse osmosis available not only
to industry but also for your kitchen
however the traditional domestic
membrane filter has a number of
significant drawbacks it has to use a
storage tank for purified water which is
larger than the size of the filter
itself the water pressure has to be no
less than three and a half atmospheres
large quantities of water are poured
into the sewer during the filtration
process and the great number of control
volts and tubing's
make the filter very cumbrous to use so
is there a solution the aquifer Mauryan
represents the new generation of
reverses Moses water purifiers the aqua
form Orion is an innovative system of
water purification compared to
conventional reverses most filters it's
a highly efficient system incorporating
automation and the ability to accumulate
the purified water the main difference
between the aqua form Orion and
conventional systems is the unique
design of Mauryan storage tank
conventional tanks have two sections
separated by a flexible wall one for
clean water the other sealed filled with
air when filling the tank the air is
compressed
and when you turn on the purified water
faucet compressed air pushes out the
stored clean water aqua for mauryans
tank is separated by an elastic wall
into two sections the first one is
connected through the automation unit to
your source water the other is for
storing your purified water during
filtration the purified water fills the
storage section while the rejected water
is forced out into the drain when you
turn on the faucet the tap water starts
flowing into the control section and
forces out the purified water with
conventional reverses Moses filters when
their storage tank is completely filled
one-third of the tank is taken up by air
which leaves less room for the purified
water in the aquifer Mauryan pressurized
water tank system the entire volume is
occupied by purified water measurements
show that the water pressure in
conventional storage tanks Rises thus
lowering the system's effectiveness this
slows down the rate of filtration as
well as literally increasing the amount
of water going down the drain in the
aquifer Mauryan system with its water
dripping 10 water from the control
section pours out without creating back
pressure this way the filtration rate
remains constantly high why choose aqua
form orion aqua form orion takes up less
space it takes up on the 1/3 of the
space of a conventional system in your
kitchen aqua form orion is faster it
takes only 10 minutes for you to get one
liter of purified water with our system
compared to 20 minutes for conventional
systems aqua form orion lowers your
water consumption aqua form Orion needs
only 5 liters of source water compared
to 10 liters for conventional system
this saves you up to 9 tons of water per
year aqua for mauryans membrane has a
longer life and lower maintenance costs
because the pre filtration unit operates
with a significantly lower volumes of
water the service life of the Aqua form
Orion membrane and filter models is
twice that of conventional systems while
men Tennant's costs are half as much
aqua form Orion works with a lower water
pressure it requires only a minimum
water pressure from the mains 1.5 bars
vs. 3.5 bars for conventional systems
aqua form Orion gives you a consistent
supply of purified water it's storage
tank always holds at least 5 liters of
purified water while in conventional
systems it depends on the pressure in
the water mains aqua form Orion gives
you the best all-round performance
mauryans effectiveness is 100% while
that of typical reverses Moses systems
is just 55% aqua form Orion a smart
choice for your home and your health